CASMCMS-8726: Initial pass at updating docs to reflect removal of BOS v1 in CSM 1.6 (#4059)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/boot_orchestration/BOS_API_Versions.md

## Mechanical differences

> When a session was created in BOS v1, BOS started a Kubernetes job called the Boot Orchestration Agent \(BOA\), which managed all of the nodes.

Reviewer: BOA is unique to v1; all references to BOA are no longer relevant.

Author: This entire page is outlining the difference between v1 and v2. I felt this should stay in because this is the first release where users are forced to change over to BOS v2. I planned on removing that content in the next release, when all users would have already been forced to make that change.

BOA moved through one phase at a time, ensuring that all nodes had completed the phase before moving on to the next. This meant that all nodes proceeded in lock step.

BOS v2 does away with BOA, replacing it with long-running operators that are each responsible for moving nodes through a particular phase transition.
These operators monitor nodes individually, not as a group, allowing each node to proceed at its own pace, improving retry handling and speeding up the overall booting process.

## The CLI

If no version is specified, the BOS CLI defaults to the `v2` endpoints. `cray bos <command>` defaults to `cray bos v2 <command>`.
To avoid compatibility issues when the CLI's default version changes, scripts using the CLI should always explicitly specify a version.

> The behavior of defaulting to a version when the version parameter is omitted is a convenience intended for interactive use and is not intended for scripts.

Author: ```suggestion
The behavior of defaulting to a version when the version parameter is omitted is a convenience to users and is not intended for scripts.
```
